well definitely the presence of social
media plus a pandemic
is a combination that's never been tried
before
uh and you know nobody would have
predicted
that i and dr fauci would be
so prominent in you know really
kind of evil theories about you know did
we create the pandemic are we trying to
profit from it and on and on
uh and so you know i'm i'm very
surprised by that
i hope it goes away i hope it doesn't
hold back
you know mask wearing or seeking out
vaccines
this percentage that's really misled by
these conspiracy theories it's unclear
to me
there's millions of messages out there
you know where my name
our dr pouchy's name is used but do
people really believe that stuff
i'm you know we're going to have to get
educated about this
over the next year and understand you
know what
how does it change people's behavior how
should we
have minimized this either you know
working with the social media companies
or
explaining what we're up to in a better
way absolutely
uh you know from the foundation's point
of view the fact that he took that
recision of the global vaccine money
which uh
you know super super important the fact
he rejoined the who
the fact that he's appointed smart
people the fact that dr
fauci uh will will not be
uh suppressed and they'll take full
advantage of francis collins and and dr
fauci who are wonderful people
uh you know in terms of the epidemic it
sometimes felt like they
were the only sane people in the u.s
government so
uh this phase even though you know it's
a huge
challenge you know now we have people
who are allowed to
you know share the truth and we can draw
on the depth of cdc capabilities
yes every politician is under pressure
to go
bid for their country you know to get
you know further up in line because the
value of these vaccines
even in the case uh you know when it's
not the gobby price the value far
exceeds the price
uh in terms of countries getting back to
normal
well the rich world countries will
largely be out of it
um if we can get our vaccination levels
up to 70 to 80 percent
which with good leadership good
communication
uh you know these vaccines appear to
have very few side effects and so
uh the benefit to society
uh everyone or a high percentage people
participating
uh you know should be very clear
although you know all the
crazy conspiracy theories may cut into
that but yes i'm optimistic
that the rich world this year will
return
largely to normal there may be some mask
wearing
and big public events may not be
completely wide open
but particularly if we help
the developing countries not be a source
of reinfection
uh you know we were seeing the beginning
of the end here
you know as you get up to those five
then you see
you know at least uh as you get into
2022 we are going to have enough
vaccines to vaccinate the entire world
now where various people are in line you
know how much the rich countries
you know take all the early doses that's
still being debated
so you know the total number of doses
that
gobby has in the first half of the year
is still very modest
yes they will get some doses out but you
know if you compare
when they will reach the same percentage
of coverage as the rich countries do
that's where i
say it's six to eight months best case